refactor: Change mechanism of building encryption hash (#43)
SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector: pkg/extension/sumologicextension/README.md

      processors: []
      exporters: [sumologic]
```

## Storing credentials

> When collector is starting first time Sumo Logic extension is using `access_key` and `access_id` to register collector with API.
> After registration extension gets collector credentials which are used to authenticate instance of collector.
> Credentials are stored on filesystem in `collector_credentials_path` which is by default set to `$HOME/.sumologic-otel-collector`.
> Name of file that contains credentials is created by hashing combination of `collector_name`, `access_id` and `access_key`.
> This mechanism allows to keep a state of collector (whether is registered or not).
> When collector is restarting it checks if state file exists in `collector_credentials_path`.
> If user want to register collector on the same machine and use another state file, need add the collector name to otc config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When collector is starting for the first time, Sumo Logic extension is using `access_key` and `access_id`
to register collector with API.
Upon registration, the extension gets collector credentials which are used to authenticate the collector
when sending request to API (heartbeats, sending data etc).
Credentials are stored on local filesystem to be reused when collector gets restarted (to prevent re-registration).a
The path that's used to store the credentials files is configured via `collector_credentials_path` which is by default
set to `$HOME/.sumologic-otel-collector`.
Name of that file that contains the credentials is created by hashing a string being a combination of `collector_name`, `access_id` and `access_key`.
This mechanism allows to keep the state of the collector (whether it is registered or not).
When collector is restarting it checks if the state file exists in `collector_credentials_path`.
If one would like to register another collector on the same machine then `collector_name` configuration property
has to be specified in order to register the collector under that specific name which will be used to create
a separate state file.
```
